[RF-DOCS] Action View Helpers Documentation [ci-skip] (#3)
Ridhwana/rails: guides/source/action_view_helpers.md

Overview of Helpers Provided by Action View
-------------------------------------------

The following outlines **some of the most commonly used helpers** available in
Action View. It serves as a good starting point, but reviewing the full [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers.html) is
also recommended, as it covers all of the helpers in more detail.

### AssetTagHelper

This module provides methods for generating HTML that links views to assets such
as images, JavaScript files, stylesheets, and feeds.

By default, Rails links to these assets on the current host in the public
folder, but you can direct Rails to link to assets from a dedicated assets
server by setting [`config.asset_host`][] in the application configuration,
typically in `config/environments/production.rb`.

For example, let's say your asset host is `assets.example.com`:

```ruby
config.asset_host = "assets.example.com"
```

then the corresponding URL for an `image_tag` would be:

```ruby
image_tag("rails.png")
# => <img src="//assets.example.com/images/rails.png" />
```

[`config.asset_host`]: configuring.html#config-asset-host

#### audio_tag

> Generate an HTML audio tag with source(s), either as a single tag for a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates an HTML audio tag with source(s), either as a single tag for a string
```

After reading this guide, you will know:

* How to format dates, strings, and numbers.
* How to link to images, videos, stylesheets, etc.
* How to work with Atom feeds and JavaScript in the views.
* How to cache, capture, debug and sanitize content.
* How to work with text and tags.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview of Helpers Provided by Action View
-------------------------------------------

The following outlines **some of the most commonly used helpers** available in
Action View. It's recommended that you review the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers.html),
which covers all of the helpers in more detail, but this should serve as a good

> starting point.

Reviewer: I feel like the last sentence kind of diminishes the value of the guide... I wonder if reverting it might make more sense?

```suggestion
The following outlines **some of the most commonly used helpers** available in
Action View. It serves as a good starting point, but reviewing the full [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers.html) is
also recommented, as it covers all of the helpers in more detail.
```

### AssetTagHelper

This module provides methods for generating HTML that links views to assets such
as images, JavaScript files, stylesheets, and feeds.

By default, Rails links to these assets on the current host in the public
folder, but you can direct Rails to link to assets from a dedicated assets

> server by setting [`config.asset_host`][] in the application configuration,

Author: Maybe something for the Ruby on Rails Guides Guidelines:

I noticed that sometimes we add the link directly inline, for example, this could have been [`config.asset_host`](configuring.html#config-asset-host).

but at other times we reference the name and bunch the links at the bottom of the section, like in this case:

```
[`config.asset_host`]: configuring.html#config-asset-host
```

Maybe we could chat about which is preferable, or if there's certain circumstances where you'd use one over the other and try to keep it consistent.

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion one way or another, I've seen the short version with the link at the bottom more often in recent PRs, that might make the content slightly easier to read, at the cost of extra maintenance as the link text is duplicated to create the reference/link itself.

I'm onboard with keeping it consistent though. Any personal preferences?

Author: I prefer it inline, I feel like there's less overhead, it's easier to find and change, and potentially has less room for error. However, I too don't feel too strongly about it and would be okay with either way as long as it's consistent.

Reviewer: Right, that's a good point... it's easier to maintain / less error prone if they're inline, even if that makes it very long sometimes.

@bhumi1102 any thoughts? (cc @p8)

typically in `config/environments/production.rb`. For example, let's say your
asset host is `assets.example.com`:

```ruby

> config.asset_host = "assets.example.com"

Reviewer: Maybe we should break this into two blocks? It mixes configuration set in config/ files, with something you'd call on a view.

While we're at it, we should probably switch the source to `https://`, or keep it relative with `//` (without the http: or https:), as that's more and more common these days anyway.

#### audio_tag

Generate an HTML audio tag with source(s), either as a single tag for a string
source or nested source tags within an array for multiple sources. The `sources`

> can be full paths, files in your public audios directory, or Active Storage

Reviewer: Maybe we can link to the Active Storage guide here?

to build the audio path.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetTagHelper.html#method-i-audio_tag)
for more information.

#### auto_discovery_link_tag

Returns a link tag that browsers and feed readers can use to auto-detect an RSS,
Atom, or JSON feed.

```ruby
auto_discovery_link_tag(:rss, "http://www.example.com/feed.rss", { title: "RSS Feed" })
# => <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="http://www.example.com/feed.rss" />
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetTagHelper.html#method-i-auto_discovery_link_tag)
for more information.

#### favicon_link_tag

Returns a link tag for a favicon managed by the asset pipeline. The `source` can
be a full path or a file that exists in your assets directory.

```ruby
favicon_link_tag
# => <link href="/assets/favicon.ico" rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" />
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetTagHelper.html#method-i-favicon_link_tag)
for more information.

> #### image_tag

Reviewer: `image_tag` could benefit of an example that receives additional options, like the JS one below.

Returns an HTML image tag for the source. The `source` can be a full path or a
file that exists in your `app/assets/images` directory.

```ruby
image_tag("icon.png")
# => <img src="/assets/icon.png" />
```

INFO: Internally, `image_tag` uses [`image_path` from the
AssetUrlHelpers](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetUrlHelper.html#method-i-image_path)
to build the image path.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetTagHelper.html#method-i-image_tag)
for more information.

#### javascript_include_tag

Returns an HTML script tag for each of the sources provided. You can pass in the
filename (`.js` extension is optional) of JavaScript files that exist in your

> `app/assets/javascripts` directory for inclusion into the current page or you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app/assets/javascripts` directory for inclusion into the current page, or you
```

for more information.

#### video_tag

Generate an HTML video tag with source(s), either as a single tag for a string
source or nested source tags within an array for multiple sources. The `sources`
can be full paths, files in your public videos directory, or Active Storage
attachments.

```ruby
video_tag("trailer")
# => <video src="/videos/trailer"></video>

video_tag(["trailer.ogg", "trailer.flv"])
# => <video><source src="/videos/trailer.ogg" /><source src="/videos/trailer.flv" /></video>
```

You can modify the HTML attributes of the video tag by passing a hash as the
last argument.

```ruby
video_tag("trailer", controls: true)
```
`controls` is a boolean attribute that indicates whether the video should have
controls.

INFO: Internally, `video_tag` uses [`video_path` from the
AssetUrlHelpers](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetUrlHelper.html#method-i-video_path)
to build the video path.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AssetTagHelper.html#method-i-video_tag)
for more information.

### AtomFeedHelper

> Atom Feeds are XML - based file formats used to syndicate content and can be

Reviewer: Should `-` be surrounded with spaces?

```suggestion
Atom Feeds are XML-based file formats used to syndicate content and can be
```

`syndicate` is a new word to me in this context :) (if Google translator got it right)

used by users in feed readers to browse content or by search engines to help
discover additional information about your site.

> AtomFeedHelper is mostly used in Builder templates for creating XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AtomFeedHelper` is mostly used in Builder templates for creating XML.
```

end
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AtomFeedHelper.html#method-i-atom_feed)
for more information.

### BenchmarkHelper

Allows you to measure the execution time of a block in a template and records
the result in the log.

#### benchmark

Wrap a `benchmark` block around expensive operations or possible bottlenecks to
get a time reading for the operation.

```html+erb
<% benchmark "Process data files" do %>
  <%= expensive_files_operation %>
<% end %>
```

> This would add something like "Process data files (0.34523)" to the log, which

Reviewer: Wdyt about highlighting the log message?

```suggestion
This would add something like `Process data files (0.34523)` to the log, which
```

you can then use to compare timings when optimizing your code.

> NOTE: This helper is a part of Active Support and it exists across controllers,
> helpers, views, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This helper is a part of Active Support, and it is also available on
controllers, helpers, models, etc.
```

end
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AtomFeedHelper.html#method-i-atom_feed)
for more information.

### CacheHelper

This helper exposes a method for caching fragments of a view rather than an
entire action or page. This technique is useful for caching pieces like menus,
lists of news topics, static HTML fragments, and so on. It allows a fragment of
view logic to be wrapped in a cache block and served out of the cache store when
the next request comes in.

#### cache

The `cache` method takes a block that contains the content you wish to cache.

For example, you could cache the footer of your application layout by wrapping
it in a `cache` block.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```erb
```

end
```

See the [API Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AtomFeedHelper.html#method-i-atom_feed) for more information.
See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/AtomFeedHelper.html#method-i-atom_feed)
for more information.

> ### BenchmarkHelper

Author: Calling this out, it seems that the benchmark helper method got deprecated.

Reviewer: Did you find the source for reference? I didn't see any deprecation on a quick test.

Author: I thought it was deprecated or moved based on:

- https://apidock.com/rails/ActionView/Helpers/BenchmarkHelper/benchmark

<img width="771" alt="Screenshot 2024-03-19 at 11 34 55" src="https://github.com/Ridhwana/rails/assets/2786819/d01a99ba-19cf-4233-ada1-eb4ba7a94173">

- the Benchmark Helper isn't part of the action view helpers in the code https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/5411787a155e2d1c633a74314edc164d5b300c34/actionview/lib/action_view/helpers

- and it's not part of the API https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers.html

but maybe I interpreted that incorrectly? 😅

Reviewer: Ah interesting... I think the helper file used to exist long ago, I tracked [when it was added to the guides](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/612fea185a815087b7d0d1a055464ce01a7e3842#diff-b634295ae6e78a926d6f913c2a1fb2e938fca1ee6991319cb0c87f817d1d2970R407) (2009!) and [the helper existed back then](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/612fea185a815087b7d0d1a055464ce01a7e3842/actionpack/lib/action_view/helpers/benchmark_helper.rb#L7).

Eventually [this was refactored to Active Support](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/a15e02d44ac2afb27a7e8e652c98a796d271b645#diff-5972928df11e1a54ec2fe30185379a3d166fd7ff24094ea5dd51f2f1ffd81a33), which gets included into AV::Base, so the helper still exists... just no "helper" file to reference/document it under AV (it's almost like a "global" benchmark helper available everywhere, models, controllers, views, etc.)

That still begs the question about whether / how to document it here though, as it's something that points to Active Support directly.

Author: That's some good context! Thank you! In that case, perhaps we can continue showing Benchmark Helpers in the ActionView documentation and add a note that this helper is a part of Active Support and exists across the codebase in places like controllers, helpers, views, etc. 

I've updated it based on the above but let me know if you had something different in mind.

This helper exposes a method for caching fragments of a view rather than an
entire action or page. This technique is useful for caching pieces like menus,
lists of news topics, static HTML fragments, and so on. It allows a fragment of
view logic to be wrapped in a cache block and served out of the cache store when
the next request comes in.

#### cache

The `cache` method takes a block that contains the content you wish to cache.

For example, if you wanted to cache each article on a page, you could do so by
passing the `article` object to the `cache` method. This would cache each
article separately.

```erb
<% @articles.each do |article| %>
  <% cache article do %>
    <%= render article %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>
```

When your application receives its first request to this page, Rails will write
a new cache entry with a unique key. A key looks something like this:

```irb
views/articles/index:bea67108094918eeba32cd4a6f786301/articles/1
```

> See [`Fragment Caching`][caching_with_rails.html#fragment-caching] and the [API

Reviewer: Looks like it didn't like this one for a link 🤷‍♂️ 

![Screenshot 2024-03-18 at 14 48 09](https://github.com/Ridhwana/rails/assets/26328/bdae5df7-2d58-4a6e-b20a-fd6b476345c8)

I think the url needs to be wrapped in `()` rather than `[]` when it's inline:

```suggestion
See [`Fragment Caching`](caching_with_rails.html#fragment-caching) and the [API
```

<% end %>
```

### CacheHelper
When your application receives its first request to this page, Rails will write
a new cache entry with a unique key. A key looks something like this:

#### cache
```irb
views/articles/index:bea67108094918eeba32cd4a6f786301/articles/1
```

A method for caching fragments of a view rather than an entire action or page. This technique is useful for caching pieces like menus, lists of news topics, static HTML fragments, and so on. This method takes a block that contains the content you wish to cache. See [`AbstractController::Caching::Fragments`][] for more information.
See [`Fragment Caching`][caching_with_rails.html#fragment-caching] and the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/CacheHelper.html#method-i-cache)
for more information.

```erb
<% cache do %>
  <%= render "application/footer" %>

> <% end %>

Reviewer: More of a personal note: I kinda like showing that you can cache just about anything, even a bare render view like this (and I've used it in the past)

Perhaps we could keep the simple example, and extend it to mention it's possible to cache based on model instances with the articles example you showed?

Author: I like that, will update accordingly ✨

> ### Capture Helper

Reviewer: Most others are using the module name here, so let's keep it consistent:

```suggestion
### CaptureHelper
```

> The CaptureHelper exposes methods to let you extract generated markup which can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CaptureHelper` exposes methods to let you extract generated markup which can
```

elements that will be fragment cached.

NOTE: You may be thinking what's the difference between `capture` and
`content_for`? <br><br>
`capture` is used to capture a block of markup in a variable, while
`content_for` is used to store a block of markup in an identifier for later use.
Internally `content_for` actually calls `capture`. However, the key difference
lies in their behavior when invoked multiple times.<br><br>
`content_for` can be called repeatedly, concatenating the blocks it receives for
a specific identifier in the order they are provided. Each subsequent call
simply adds to what's already stored. In contrast, `capture` only returns the
content of the block, without keeping track of any previous invocations.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/CaptureHelper.html#method-i-content_for)
for more information.

### DateHelper

The Date Helper allows you to manipulate date and/or time elements into contextual
human readable forms. It can also be used to create select/option tags for
different kinds of dates and/or times elements as described in the
[Action View Form Helpers

> Guide](form_helpers.html#using-date-and-time-form-helpers).

Reviewer: 👌

Additionally, you can employ `content_for` within a helper module.

**app/helpers/greeting_helper.rb**

```ruby
module GreetingHelper
  def special_greeting_alert
    content_for(:greeting_alert) || "Bye!"
  end
end
```

Now, you can call `special_greeting_alert` in your layout to retrieve the
content stored in the `content_for` block. If a `content_for` block is set on
the page being rendered, such as in the case of the special page, it will
display the greeting alert. Otherwise, it will display the default text "Bye!"

WARNING: `content_for` is ignored in caches. So you shouldn’t use it for
elements that will be fragment cached.

NOTE: You may be thinking what's the difference between `capture` and
`content_for`? <br><br>
`capture` is used to capture a block of markup in a variable, while
`content_for` is used to store a block of markup in an identifier for later use.
Internally `content_for` actually calls `capture`. However, the key difference
lies in their behavior when invoked multiple times.<br><br>
`content_for` can be called repeatedly, concatenating the blocks it receives for
a specific identifier in the order they are provided. Each subsequent call

> simply adds to what's already stored. In contrast, `capture` only remembers the
> latest invocation; previous calls get overwritten.

Reviewer: The "remembers the latest invocation" piece made me pause, because I think there's no "remembering", only "returning" the content of the block, right? Perhaps we could reword that last sentence to something like this:

```suggestion
simply adds to what's already stored. In contrast, `capture` only returns the
content of the block, without keeping track of any previous invocations.
```

Feel free to tweak it, just wanted to mention that.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/CaptureHelper.html#method-i-content_for)
for more information.

### DateHelper

> The Date Helper primarily creates select/option tags for different kinds of

Reviewer: I think the description and the content don't match much. I agree it's the main goal of the `DateHelper` to work with select/option tags , but the methods we describe here aren't form-related, so maybe we can tweak this a little bit?

It is fine to mention it's also used by that, perhaps even linking to the FormHelper here or directly to the guide on the matter, but I think for the sake of this guide we show examples that aren't related to forms.

dates and times or date and time elements.

#### distance_of_time_in_words

> Reports the approximate distance in time between two Time or Date objects or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports the approximate distance in time between two `Time` or `Date` objects or
```

#### escape_javascript

Escapes carriage returns and single and double quotes for JavaScript segments.
You would use this method to take a string of text and make sure that it doesn’t
contain any invalid characters when the browser tries to parse it.

For example, if you have a partial with a greeting that contains double quotes,
you can escape the greeting to use in a JavaScript alert.

**app/views/users/greeting.html.rb**

```html+erb
My name is <%= current_user.name %>, and I'm here to say "Welcome to our website!"
```

```html+erb
<script>
  var greeting = '<%= escape_javascript(render 'captured_pokemons/greeting') %>';
  alert(`Hello, ${greeting}`);
</script>
```

This will escape the double quotes correctly and display the greeting as in an
alert box.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/JavaScriptHelper.html#method-i-escape_javascript)
for more information.

#### javascript_tag

Returns a JavaScript tag wrapping the provided code. You can pass a hash of
options to control the behavior of the `<script>` tag.

```ruby

> javascript_tag("alert('All is good')", type: 'application/javascript')

Reviewer: Would it be useful to provide the alternative block version as an example as well?

#### escape_javascript

Escapes carriage returns and single and double quotes for JavaScript segments.
You would use this method to take a string of text and make sure that it doesn’t
contain any invalid characters when the browser tries to parse it.

For example, if you have a partial with a greeting that contains double quotes,
you can escape the greeting to use in a JavaScript alert.

**app/views/users/greeting.html.rb**

```html+erb
my name is <%= current_user.name %>, and I'm here to say "Welcome to our website!"
```

> ```ruby

Reviewer: Not really ruby? I'd think it's `html+erb` as well:

```suggestion
```html+erb
```

<script>
  var greeting = '<%= escape_javascript(render 'captured_pokemons/greeting') %>';
  alert(`Hello, ${greeting}`);
</script>
```

This will escape the double quotes correctly and display the greeting as in an
alert box.

> 

Reviewer: Can we link to the API as well?
https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/JavaScriptHelper.html#method-i-escape_javascript

number_with_precision(111.2345, precision: 2) # => 111.23
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/NumberHelper.html#method-i-number_with_precision)
for more information.

### SanitizeHelper

> The SanitizeHelper module provides a set of methods for scrubbing text of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SanitizeHelper` module provides a set of methods for scrubbing text of
```

undesired HTML elements. The helpers are particularly useful for helping to
ensure that only safe and valid HTML/CSS is rendered. It can also be useful to
prevent XSS attacks by escaping or removing potentially malicious content from
user input before rendering it in your views.

#### sanitize

The `sanitize` method will HTML encode all tags and strip all attributes that
aren't specifically allowed.

```ruby
sanitize @article.body
```

If either the `:attributes` or `:tags` options are passed, only the mentioned
attributes and tags are allowed and nothing else.

```ruby
sanitize @article.body, tags: %w(table tr td), attributes: %w(id class style)
```

To change defaults for multiple uses, for example, adding table tags to the
default:

```ruby
class Application < Rails::Application

>   config.action_view.sanitized_allowed_tags = 'table', 'tr', 'td'

Reviewer: The fact that this works is kinda weird, huh? 😄 Ruby quirks.

```ruby
>> foo = 1, 2, 3
=> [1, 2, 3]
>> foo
=> [1, 2, 3]
```

Let's maybe wrap it in an actual array so it's clearer for the reader.
```suggestion
  config.action_view.sanitized_allowed_tags = %w(table tr td)
```

#### sanitize_css

Sanitizes a block of CSS code, particularly when it comes across a style
attribute in HTML content. `sanitize_css` is particularly useful when dealing
with user-generated content or dynamic content that includes style attributes.

The `sanitize_css` method below will remove the styles that are not allowed.

```ruby
sanitize_css("background-color: red; color: white; font-size: 16px;")
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/SanitizeHelper.html#method-i-sanitize_css)
for more information.

#### strip_links

Strips all link tags from text leaving just the link text.

```ruby
strip_links('<a href="https://rubyonrails.org">Ruby on Rails</a>')
# => Ruby on Rails

strip_links('emails to <a href="mailto:me@email.com">me@email.com</a>.')
# => emails to me@email.com.

strip_links('Blog: <a href="http://myblog.com/">Visit</a>.')
# => Blog: Visit.
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/SanitizeHelper.html#method-i-strip_links)
for more information.

#### strip_tags

Strips all HTML tags from the html, including comments. This functionality is
powered by the

> [rails-html-sanitizer](https://github.com/rails/rails-html-sanitizer) gem.

Reviewer: I think this is true for most -- if not all -- of the sanitize helper functionality, so maybe we move this up before the specific helpers?

```ruby
strip_tags("Strip <i>these</i> tags!")
# => Strip these tags!

strip_tags("<b>Bold</b> no more! <a href='more.html'>See more</a>")
# => Bold no more! See more
```

NOTE: The output may still contain unescaped `<`, `>`, `&` characters and
confuse browsers.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/SanitizeHelper.html#method-i-strip_tags)
for more information.

> ### Text Helper

Reviewer: For consistency with the other titles:

```suggestion
### TextHelper
```

Provides a set of methods for filtering, formatting and transforming strings.

#### excerpt

Extracts the first occurrence of phrase plus surrounding text from `text`. An
omission marker is prepended/appended if the start/end of the result does not

> coincide with the start/end of the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts the first occurrence of `phrase` plus surrounding text from `text`. An
omission marker is prepended/appended if the start/end of the result does not
coincide with the start/end of the text.
```

I understand `phrase` and `text` are references to the passed arguments/variables, but it becomes a little weird without the code to contextualize. In the API you can expand the code and kinda see the correlation, it's a bit more blurry here. Like, this mentions "phrase" and "text", but the arguments to `excerpt` are reversed. (maybe that's where it's weird for me)

Not sure if I have a good suggestion though, it's just a thought that occurred while reading. Here's an attempt:

```suggestion
Given a text, searches for and extracts the first occurrence of a phrase or
word, plus surrounding text, from it. An omission marker is prepended/appended
if the start/end of the result does not coincide with the start/end of the text.
```

Author: See https://github.com/Ridhwana/rails/pull/3/files#r1530133496

```ruby
excerpt('This is a very beautiful morning', 'very', separator: ' ', radius: 1)
# => ...a very beautiful...

excerpt('This is also an example', 'an', radius: 8, omission: '<chop> ')
#=> <chop> is also an example
```

> where:

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should omit the explanation on each option, and leave that to the API, otherwise it becomes a game of keeping it up-to-date if new options are added/changed, etc.

It's nice to have the min the examples, but we don't need to explain each and every option available in guides.

Plus, we just do it for some, not all, so maybe it's more consistent to just not add to any.

Author: Yeah, I did pause when I added the `where` because it felt verbose, and also as you mentioned there's room for content to misalign. However, it felt strange to be using these options in the examples without explaining what they do. Hence, do you think the examples should be reverted to their simplest form without these additional options if we're not explaining what they are?

Author: I've updated the description to be more verbose and related to the examples without being over-explicit as I did with the `where`. 

I wrote:
"Given a `text` and a `phrase`, `excerpt` searches for and extracts the first
occurrence of the `phrase`, plus the requested surrounding text determined by
a `radius`. An omission marker is prepended/appended if the start/end of the
result does not coincide with the start/end of the text."
->  I kept the examples as they were 
-> I removed the `where` options in the examples

I feel more comfortable with this approach, which keeps the examples and describes what they're doing (by touching on phrase, text, radius and omission  without explaining each option explicitly. What do you think?

Reviewer: That looks good to me. If we can somehow briefly mention/explain in the paragraph like that, it works well... I don't think we need to explain all options/arguments, but at least one or two more common ones, perhaps what's used in the examples, and leave the rest for the API.

for more information.

#### pluralize

Returns the singular or plural form of a word based on the value of a number.

```ruby
pluralize(1, 'person') # => 1 person
pluralize(2, 'person') # => 2 people
pluralize(3, 'person', plural: 'users') # => 3 users
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/TextHelper.html#method-i-pluralize)
for more information.

#### truncate

Truncates a given text after a given `length`. If text is truncated, an omission
marker will be appended to the result for a total length not exceeding `length`.

```ruby
truncate("Once upon a time in a world far far away")
# => "Once upon a time in a world..."

truncate("Once upon a time in a world far far away", length: 17)
# => "Once upon a ti..."

truncate("Once upon a time in a world far far away", length: 17, separator: ' ')
# => "Once upon a..."

truncate("And they found that many people were sleeping better.", length: 25, omission: '... (continued)')
# => "And they f... (continued)"

truncate("<p>Once upon a time in a world far far away</p>", escape: false)
# => "<p>Once upon a time in a wo..."
```

> where:

Reviewer: See above for whether to include the explanation about the options.

- `length`: The maximum number of characters to return.
- `separator`: A string or regexp used to find a breaking point at which to
  truncate. By default, truncation can occur at any character in text.
- `omission`: The string to append after truncating. Defaults to "...".
- `escape`: Whether to escape the result. Defaults to true.

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/TextHelper.html#method-i-truncate)
for more information.

#### word_wrap

Wraps the text into lines no longer than `line_width` width.

```ruby
word_wrap('Once upon a time', line_width: 8)
# => "Once\nupon a\ntime"
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/TextHelper.html#method-i-word_wrap)
for more information.

> ### Tag Helper

Reviewer: For consistency with the other titles:

```suggestion
### TagHelper
```

tag.section class: %w( kitties puppies )
# => <section class="kitties puppies"></section>
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/TagHelper.html#method-i-tag)
for more information.

### UrlHelper

Provides methods to make links and get URLs that depend on the routing
subsystem.

#### button_to

Generates a form that submits to the passed URL. The form has a submit button
with the value of the `name`.

```html+erb
<%= button_to "Sign in", sign_in_path %>
```

would output the following HTML:

```html
<form method="post" action="/sessions" class="button_to">
  <input type="submit" value="Sign in" />
</form>
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/UrlHelper.html#method-i-button_to)
for more information.

#### current_page?

Returns true if the current request URI matches the given `options`.

```html+erb
<% if current_page?(controller: 'profiles', action: 'show') %>
  <strong>Currently on the profile page</strong>
<% end %>
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/UrlHelper.html#method-i-current_page-3F)
for more information.

> #### link_to

Reviewer: I was thinking we could expand link_to examples with at least one more that shows linking to a URL string, maybe one what uses a path helper. This is probably one of the most commonly used helpers, that a couple more examples wouldn't hurt.

Author: Oh my gosh, yes!, thats the most basic use case! Thanks!

Author: ✅

Links to a URL derived from `url_for` under the hood. It's commonly used to
create links for RESTful resources, especially when passing models as arguments

> to link_to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `link_to`.
```

# => <a href="/books/2_1">Book</a>
```

You can use a block if your link target can't fit in the name parameter.

```html+erb
<%= link_to @profile do %>
  <strong><%= @profile.name %></strong> -- <span>Check it out!</span>
<% end %>
```

would output the following HTML:

```html
<a href="/profiles/1">
  <strong>David</strong> -- <span>Check it out!</span>
</a>
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/UrlHelper.html#method-i-link_to)
for more information.

#### mail_to

Generates a `mailto` link tag to the specified email address. You can also
specify the link text, additional HTML options, and whether to encode the email
address.

```html+erb
<%= mail_to "john_doe@gmail.com" %>
```

would output the following HTML:

```html
<a href="mailto:john_doe@gmail.com">john_doe@gmail.com</a>
```

See the [API
Documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/UrlHelper.html#method-i-mail_to)
for more information.

> #### url_for

Author: Random observation: I see [url_for in the source code](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/5411787a155e2d1c633a74314edc164d5b300c34/actionview/lib/action_view/helpers/url_helper.rb#L38), but not explicitly documented in the [API helpers](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/UrlHelper.html) (although I see it being referenced there)

Reviewer: Yeah, there's some more weirdness going on with URL helpers in AV because of how it needs to integrate with the request, so it only really includes the full implementation when Action Controller loads... I think what ends up being used & documented is https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/5411787a155e2d1c633a74314edc164d5b300c34/actionview/lib/action_view/routing_url_for.rb#L82, the other one is a barebones implementation that'd be used if you only loaded Action View to use standalone.

Author: Ah thank you for this explanation!
